hello I am the jasmine from the store
and today I just want to
the differences between these
beautiful we clearly instruments
demonstrate
[Applause]
[Music]
Ok, let's start with the synthesizers
the northern league 1 and the north invites four
the northern league 1 opposite the northern lights
four are the differences
following the nordea 1 offers me
26 votes during the Northern Song 420
voices offer the spd concept
the user interface is in operation
northern league one slightly simpler
is very suitable for the stage
while I load four on the north
really can go into more detail so
Listen, all the soundtellers become ortlieb
much better suited
[Music]
If you come to the not viano 2
The north piano 2 has a base
took
the same structure as the stage 2
the piano is exactly the same
Differences are here I have one
sampling action with 120 28 mb around 50
agree with the north piano itself
I create a teacher or a script
[Music]
due to many customer's wishes has clear
we finally the north electro also 1
viewpoint means we can
now here two and at the same time
available
on the left, either the organ
combine with the sampler or the
pianos action with the sampler too
Teacher is possible the organ in the
the north electric 5d is generation 3
just like the northridge pot
instrument the possibilities the organ
by the way is full polyphonic sampling
action offers me 256 megabytes here
this disposal and the 15 votes
pianos action is opposite to all
let others the biggest with 1 gb
Here we have the whole big flag of janus
invite
[Music]
at northridge 2 we have the
possibility to learn to speak
I can even choose two points here
so compared to me three also that of
to announce everything to the action
The organ is taken in the basics
same as we in the north electro 5
The pianos action offers us 500
mb and gives us 40 to 60 votes each
after whether stereo pianos or mono
pianos are the special feature we have
here that is basically a
stripped lothar 1 or nord invites 4
we have 18 votes, the
classic waveforms sawtooth pulse
fmf gables so among other things is located
here in the sampler the
but then 380 mb is also big
So much bigger than the others
products as well as we can as well
Include sexy clip
for example, control sound module or
with the computer, we combine have
here again the external
we do not take all that enough
have slot a and b here
local court that is I have quasi the
organ twice available
I have the piano available twice
and twice as sexy in it too
disposal can use these individually or
Also as a teacher so that is at maximum
six sounds at the same time come now
of course, the question arises what is
the right instrument for me
Of course , I would like to have everyone for you
The pianist, of course, offers himself in
first line of the new yano
excellent pianos and not the same
In spite of that, I have his own even if now
surface or nice string with it
So for most piano jobs or
The north piano ranges from small club gigs
to be the live musician for the heights
setup for a second device for example
I would like to expand the word
tilt the electric
I have here to the south horny organ piano
piano sounds and come in the
enjoy the samples and space for all
those of you pure
synthesizer sounds or simply searched
a great solo or for her
Production at home are the fat
sounds that the northern league is the heart
placed
the flagship of the north sea I is two
primarily for the live musician
thought of simply top sound in one
device requires the organ january piano
Synthesizer and the whole can be
Save combine sets so call
that I give one or the other
also deny with an instrument
can
Of course we are on the products
now so short for one
detailed advice or more
of course I always ask questions
gladly available
[Music]